this video is going to be um the swatch
video for those covergirl lipsticks
Nationals you guys in my haul video so
there are six colors and all that this
sent me I think I have a whole
collection there was 22 colors and these
came out in February so let's get
started okay first color is royal plum
and I like these out I really like the
packaging disease because the color that
they show at the bottom actually looks
like the real color that's in the
package you know how some like Rimmel
lipstick like alright I'll just have the
the stick rat in and then you open it
and it doesn't even look like the same
color that's why I like these okay so
this is royal plum okay watch it that's
rockin right there very um creamy it has
like a sheen to it but it's not shimmery
or sparkly it's just really really Sheen
like okay the next color is fine wine
and this color is just crazy cuz it's a
deep plum but I have a blue arrow
distance to it and I have never seen any
lipstick like this so let's watch this
see you see that
I'm gonna love this foot when I wear it
in the fall and I'd be a really pretty
color okay next is into the red and it's
a very bright red almost oranjee it's
like an orange red this is what it looks
like
there you go
so a very bright statement read then oh
this is the car that I didn't like this
spicy seduction this gold lipstick I
don't know how to do lo lipstick yeah I
don't I just I can't do it cuz it's like
really gold look at like how how do you
wear gold lips can y'all tell me because
I do not know how that works but
whatever even I try to give it to a mama
she didn't want so was I say okay and
then this is a call I have my list now
it is powder puff pink number 455 and
looks like this and there's a gloss on
top of it that's what it looks like and
there it is right there I love this week
and then the last color is Java licious
which is a brown color and I wasn't too
sure about this too but I paired it with
a new glass and it was really pretty
actually so I'm gonna keep this guy this
is clonal 475 and it's right there now
all of these lipsticks are very very
creamy like they feel moisturizing they
don't they're definitely they're not mad
in none of them are mad they all have
some type of moisturizing Sheen type to
it um but very pigmented as you can see
so yeah those are the six colors that I
got and probably of all the sticks I'll
probably wear five of them alright I
told you I'm not I'm not I'm not sure
about this gold so I don't know what I'm
gonna do with this but um yeah these are
keeper this one not so much but this
right here all these I'm excited to wear
it I'm only this is the only one that
I've worn so but um yeah I hope you guys
like my little swatch video and if you
have any questions just let me know and
I'll see you guys later okay